implants, cardiac valve replacements, vascular stents. ix. Relevant laboratory diagnostic tests, X -ray and such similar expenses that are medically necessary prescribed by the treating Medical Practitioner. x. Emergency Inpatient Hospitalization for Dental Treatment arising from an Accident 2. Pre-Hospitalization The Medical Expenses incurred during the 60 days immediately before You were Hospitalized, provided that: Such Medical Expenses were incurr ed for the same Illness /Injury for which subsequent Hospitalization was required, and We have accepted an Inpatient Hospitalization claim under Inpatient Hospitalization Treatment. UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223 Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 11 Bajaj Allianz General Insurance C o. Ltd. Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E -mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or Call at: Sales - 1800 209 0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (T oll Free No.) Issuing Office: GLOBAL HEALTH CARE 3. Post -Hospitalization The Medical Expenses incurred during the 180 days im mediately after You were discharged post Hospitalization provided that: Such costs are incurred in respect of the same Illness /Injury for which the earlier Hospitalization was required, and We have accepted an Inpatient Hospitalization claim under Inpatien t Hospitalization Treatment. 4. Local ( Road ) Ambulance We will pay the reasonable cost , specified in the Policy Schedule, incurred on an ambulance offered by a healthcare or ambulance service provider for transferring You to the nearest Hospital with adequa te Emergency facilities for the provision of health services following an Emergency or out of medical necessity. We will also reimburse the expenses incurred on an ambulance offered by a healthcare or ambulance service provider for transferring You from t he Hospital where You were admitted initially to another Hospital with higher medical facilities. Claim under this section shall be payable by Us