of treatment recommended by the treating Medical Practitione r. 10) All non -medical Items as per Annexure II . 11) Circumcision unless required for the treatment of Illness or Accidental bodily Injury . 12) Treatment for any medical conditions arising directly or indirectly from chemical contamination, radioactivity or any nucle ar material, including the combustion of nuclear fuel. 13) Alternate/ Complementary treatment, with the exception of those treatments shown in the Table of Benefits. 14) Expenses incurred because of complications directly caused by an Illness , Injury or treatment for which cover is excluded or limited under Your plan. 15) Consultations performed and any drugs or treatments prescribed by You, Your spouse, parents or children. 16) Dental veneers and related procedures, unless medically necessary. 17) Costs in respect of a family therapist or counsellor for out -patient mental illness treatment. 18) Doctor’s fees for the completion of a Claim Form or other administration charges. 19) Care and/or treatment of intentionally caused diseases or self -inflicted injuries, including a suicide atte mpt. 20) Investigations into and treatment for loss of hair, including hair replacement unless the loss of hair is due to cancer treatment. 21) Treatment required as a result of medical error. 22) Products that can be purchased without a Doctor’s prescription, except where a specific benefit covering these costs appears in the Table of Benefits. 23) Treatment of sleep disorders, including insomnia, narcolepsy, snoring and bruxism, except medically necessary Inpatient treatment for obstructive sleep apnoea. 24) Travel costs to and from medical facilities (including parking costs) for treatment, except when covered under " Local (Road) ambulance", "Medical evacuation" and "Medical repatriation" benefits. 25) Tumour marker testing, except for medically necessary testing during the inv estigation or treatment of cancer. 26) Medical evacuation/repatriation from a vessel at sea to a