point will be valued at INR 0.20. Wellness points so earned can be redeemed against deals and discounts on purchase of medicines from our empanelled pharmacies or undergoing recommended diagnostic tests from our empanelled diagnostic centres etc. as listed on our mobile application. 6. Participation in Yoga/Meditation Sessions/ Completion of Targeted Steps The Insured Person can earn wellness points by participating in yoga sessions or meditation sessions aimed at maintaining physical and mental Wellness. Participation and successful completion of 10 yoga/ meditation sessions in a month will award the insured 14 CIN: L67200MH2000PL C129408 UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223Golden Shield • Scheduling an appointment with any Medical Practitioner empanelled with Us • Scheduling appointments for a second opinion • Providing suitable options with respect to Hospitals as well as providing assistance in Cashless facility, wherever applicable. • Scheduling appointments from diagnostic labs empanelled with us. • Providing information, assistanc e and facilitation on door step delivery of medicines • Providing preventive information on ailments • Providing guidanc e on post Hospitalization car e, such as Physiotherap y/ Nursing at home. Please note that services provided under this Benefit are solely for assistanc e, and should not be construed to be a substitute for a visit/ consultation to an independent Medical Practitioner . Our role is limited to that of facilitation and Health Assistance services will not include the charges for any independent Medical Practitioner/nutritionist/ charges incurred on diagnostics/ consulted on HAT’s recommendation, and such charges are to be borne by the Insured Person. For all facilitation services provided under this cover, our role shall be limited to assistanc e only and the charges and expenses associated with the actual service shall have to be borne by the insured person. This service is available on our mobile application or by calling on 040-66274205