the rehabilitation of patients with various neurological, musculoskeletal, orthopedic and other medical conditions following stabilisation of their acute medical issues. 45. Sing le Private room: - Single Private Room means a single occupancy air -conditioned room with an attached washroom/toilet. Deluxe, executive rooms and suites are not covered. 46. Specialist: - Specialist is a licensed Doctor possessing the additional qualificatio ns and expertise necessary to practise as a recognised specialist in diagnostic techniques, treatment and prevention in a particular field of medicine. 47. Specialist fees: - Specialist fees refers to non -surgical treatment performed or administered by a speci alist. 48. Speech therapy: - Speech therapy refers to treatment carried out by a qualified speech therapist to treat diagnosed physical impairments. This includes conditions such as nasal obstruction, neurogenic impairment (e.g. lingual paresis, brain Injury ) or articulation disorders involving the oral structure (e.g. cleft palate). UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223 Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 10 Bajaj Allianz General Insurance C o. Ltd. Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E -mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or Call at: Sales - 1800 209 0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (T oll Free No.) Issuing Office: GLOBAL HEALTH CARE 49. Sum Insured or SI means the amount stated in the Policy Schedule against each relevant Section, which shall be the Company’s maximum liability under this Policy (regardless of the number of the amount of Claims made) for any one Claim and in the aggregate for all Claims under such Section. 50. Surgical appliances and materials: - Surgical appliances and materials are those required for surgeries. They include artificial body parts or d evices such as joint replacement materials, bone screws and plates, valve replacement appliances, endovascular stents, implantable defibrillators and pacemakers.