physiotherapy: - Prescribed physiotherapy refers to treatment provided by a registered physiotherapist following referral by a Doctor. Phys iotherapy is initially restricted to 12 sessions per condition, after which treatment must be reviewed by the Doctor who referred You. If You need further sessions, You must send Us a new progress report after every set of 12 sessions, indicating the medic al necessity for more treatment. Physiotherapy does not include therapies such as Rolfing, massage, Pilates, Fango and Milta . 40. Prescription drugs: - Prescription drugs refers to products which You can’t buy without a prescription and are to treat a confirme d diagnosis or medical condition or to compensate a lack of vital bodily substances. Examples are antibiotics, sedatives, etc. Prescription drugs must be clinically proven to be effective for the diagnosed condition. They must also be recognised by interna tionally accepted medical guidelines. 41. Principal country of residence: - Principal country of residence is the country where You and Your dependents (if applicable) live for more than six months of the Policy year. 42. Psychiatrist Psychiatrist is a registered Medical Practitioner who specializes in psychiatry, the branch of medicine devoted to the diagnosis, prevention, study, and treatment of mental disorders. 43. Rehabilitation Rehabilitation is defined as “a set of interventions designed to optimize functioni ng and reduce disability in individuals with health conditions in interaction with their environment. Rehabilitation is a treatment that combines therapies such as physical, occupational and speech therapy. It aims to restore original form or function afte r an acute Illness , Injury or surgery. Treatment must take place in a licensed rehabilitation facility and start within 14 days of discharge from acute medical and/or surgical treatment. 44. Rehabilitation Hospital /unit/facility Rehabilitation Hospitals/unit/ facility, also referred to as Inpatient rehabilitation Hospitals, are devoted to