whether for diagnosis or treatment except for Cost of Artificial Limbs, cost of prosthetic devices implanted during surgical procedure like Pacema ker, orthopedic implants, cardiac valve replacements, vascular stents etc. 5) Treatment for any other system other than modern medicine (allopathy) 6) External medical equipment of any kind used at home as p ost Hospitalization care including cost of instrument used in the treatment of Sleep Apnoea Syndrome (C.P.A.P), Continuous Peritoneal Ambulatory Dialysis (C.P.A.D) and Oxygen concentrator for Bronchial Asthmatic condition. 7) Congenital external diseases or d efects or anomalies, growth hormone therapy, stem cell implantation or surgery except for Hematopoietic stem cells for bone marrow transplant for haematological conditions. 8) Intentional self -Injury (including but not limited to the use or misuse of any into xicating drugs or alcohol) 9) Vaccination or inoculation unless forming a part of post bite treatment or if medically necessary and forming a part of treatment recommended by the treating Medical Practitioner . 10) All non -medical Items as per Annexure II 11) Circumc ision unless required for the treatment of Illness or Accidental bodily Injury , 12) Treatment for any medical conditions arising directly or indirectly from chemical contamination, radioactivity or any nuclear material, including the combustion of nuclear fue l. 13) Alternate/Complementary treatment, with the exception of those treatments shown in the Table of Benefits. 14) Expenses incurred because of complications directly caused by an Illness , Injury or treatment for which cover is excluded or limited under Your plan. 15) Consultations performed and any drugs or treatments prescribed by You, Your spouse, parents or children. 16) Dental veneers and related procedures, unless medically necessary. 17) Costs in respect of a family therapist or counsellor for out -patient mental ill ness treatment. 18) Doctor’s fees for the completion of a Claim Form