Treatment Methods and Advancement in Technologies Up to Sum Insured Note: The total Sum Insured payable und er all the above covers will not exceed the In -patient Hospitalization Treatment Limits PART B - COVERAGE - International I. IN-PATIENT BENEFITS FOR INTERNATIONAL COVER 1. In-patient Hospitalization Treatment If You are advised Hospitalization by a Medical P ractitioner as defined under Policy because of Illness or Accidental Bodily Injury sustained or contracted during the Policy Period, then We will pay You, Reasonable and Customary Medical Expenses incurred subject to i. Room rent and Boarding expenses up to a Single Private Air Conditioned Room ii. If admitted in ICU, the Company will pay up to actual ICU expenses provided by Hospital. iii. Nursing Expenses as provided by the Hospital iv. Surgeon, Anesthetist, Medical Practitioner, Consultants, Therapist, Specialists Fees. v. Anesthesia, Blood, Oxygen, Operation Theatre Charges, surgical appliances, vi. Dialysis, Chemotherapy, Radiotherapy, Physiotherapy vii. Prescription drugs and materials viii. Cost of Artificial Limbs, cost of prosthetic devices implanted during surgical procedure like Pacemaker, orthopedic implants, cardiac valve replacements, vascular stents. ix. Relevant laboratory diagnostic tests, X -ray, and other Radiology tests and such similar expenses that are medically necessary prescribed by the treating Medical Practitioner. x. Emergency Inpatient Hospitalization for Dental Treatment arising from an Accident This cover is subject to the Sum Insured, sub -limits, Deductibles, terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions contained or otherwise expressed in this Policy. The Deductib le is Optional and the amount will apply as specified in the Policy Schedule, if opted. UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223 Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 14 Bajaj Allianz General Insurance C o. Ltd. Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E -mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or Call at: Sales - 1800 209