wholly or partly for domestic reasons. (Code -Excl13) 14) Dietary supplements and substances that ca n be purchased without prescription, including but not limited to Vitamins, minerals and organic substances unless prescribed by a Medical Practitioner as part of Hospitalization claim or Day Care Treatment . (Code -Excl14) 15) Refractive Error ( Code -Excl15) Expenses related to the treatment for correction of eye sight due to refractive error less than 7.5 dioptres. 16) Unproven Treatments ( Code -Excl16) Expenses related to any unproven treatment, services and supplies for or in connection with any treatment. Unproven Treatments are treatments, procedures or supplies that lack significant medical documentation to support their effectiveness. 17) Sterility and Infertility ( Code -Excl17) Expenses related to sterility and infertility. This includes: a. Any type of contrac eption, sterilization b. Assisted Reproduction services including artificial insemination and advanced reproductive technologies such as IVF, ZIFT, GIFT, ICSI c. Gestational Surrogacy d. Reversal of sterilization 18) Maternity ( Code -Excl18): a. Medical Treatment Expens es traceable to childbirth (including complicated deliveries and caesarean sections incurred during Hospitalization ) except ectopic pregnancy. b. Expenses towards miscarriage (unless due to an Accident ) and lawful medical termination of pregnancy during the Policy Period . UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223 Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 23 Bajaj Allianz General Insurance C o. Ltd. Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E -mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or Call at: Sales - 1800 209 0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (T oll Free No.) Issuing Office: GLOBAL HEALTH CARE SECTION D) EXCLUSIONS – SPECIFIC EXCLUSIONS APPLICABLE TO PART A - DOMESTIC COVER UNDER SECTION C) BENEFITS COVERED UNDER THE POLICY We do not cover the following expenses unless indicated otherwise in the Table of