word shall be interpreted as per the headings of the respective clauses/points in these Policy W ordings. 1. Accident: - An Accident means sudden, unforeseen and involuntary event caused by external, visible and violent means. 2. Any one Illness :- Any one Illness means continuous Period of Illness and it includes relapse within 45 days from the date of last consultation with the Hospital/Nursing Home where treatment was taken. 3. AYUSH Hospital: - An AYUSH Hospital is a healthcare facility wherein medical/sur gical/para -surgical treatment procedures and interventions are carried out by AYUSH Medical Practitioner(s) comprising of any of the following: a. Central or State Government AYUSH Hospital; or b. Teaching Hospital attached to AYUSH College recognized by t he Central Government/Central Council of Indian Medicine/Central Council for Homeopathy; or c. AYUSH Hospital, standalone or co -located with Inpatient healthcare facility of any recognized system of medicine, registered with the local authorities, wherever applicable, and is under the supervision of a qualified registered AYUSH Medical Practitioner and must comply with all the following criterion: i. Having at least 5 Inpatient beds; ii. Having qualified AYUSH Medical Practitioner in charge round the clock; iii. Having dedicated AYUSH therapy sections as required and/or has equipped operation theatre where surgical procedures are to be carried out; iv.Maintaining daily records of the patients and making them accessible to the Insurance Company’s authorized representative. 4. AYUSH Day Care Centre: - AYUSH Day Care Centre means and includes Community Health Centre (CHC), Primary Health Centre (PHC), Dispensary, Clinic, Polyclinic or any such health centre which is registered with the local authorities, wherever applicable and h aving facilities for carrying out treatment procedures and medical or surgical/para -surgical interventions or both under the supervision of registered AYUSH Medical Practitioner (s) on Day Care Treatment basis without Inpatient