primarily for diagnostics and evaluation purposes only are excluded. b. Any diagnostic expenses which are not related or not incidental to the current diagnosis and treatment are excluded. ii. Code - Excl05: Exclusion Name: Rest Cure, rehabilitation and respite care- Golden Shield 20 CIN: L67200MH2000PL C129408 UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 xv. Code- Excl18: Maternit y: Medical treatment expenses traceable to childbirth (including complicated deliveries and caesarean sections incurred during hospitalization) except ectopic pregnancy . Expenses towards miscarriage (unless due to an accident) and lawful medical termination of pregnancy during the policy period ii. Specific exclusions (Exclusions other than those mentioned under e.i. above) 6. Any ailment/ illness/ injury/ condition or treatment or service that is specifically excluded in the Policy Schedule under Special Conditions 7. Any expenses incurred on prosthesis, corrective devices, external durable medical equipment of any kind, instruments used in treatment of sleep apnoea syndrome or cost of cochlear implant(s) unless necessitated by an Accident or required intra-operativ ely. 8. Multifocal Lens and ambulator y devices such as walkers, crutches, splints, stockings of any kind and also any medical equipment which is subsequently used at home. 9. Expenses incurred on dental treatment unless necessitated due to an Accident 10. Personal comfort, cosmetics, convenience and hygiene related items and services 11. Acupressure, acupuncture, magnetic and other therapies 12. Circumcision unless necessary for treatment of an Illness or necessitated due to an Accident. 13. Expenses for venereal disease or any sexually transmit ted disease (except HIV/AIDS) 14. Any Treatment or medical services taken outside the geographical boundaries of India. 15. Any expenses incurred on out-patient (OPD) treatment . (This exclusion shall not be applicable in case car e management plus pr ogram has been opted for by payment of additional premium) 16. Intentional self-injury (whether arising from an attempt to commit