facility of any recognized system of medicine, registered with the local authorities, wherever applicable, and is under the supervision of a qualified registered AYUSH Medical Practitioner and must comply with all the following criterion: i. Having at least 5 in -patient beds; ii. Having qualified AYUSH Medical Practitioner in ch arge round the clock; iii. Having dedicated AYUSH therapy sections as required and/or has equipped operation theatre where surgical procedures are to be carried out; iv. Maintaining daily records of the patients and making them accessible to the insurance company’s authorized representative. Def. 4. AYUSH Day Care Centre means and includes Community Health Centre (CHC), Primary Health Centre (PHC), Dispensary, Clinic, Polyclinic or any such health centre which is registered with the local authorities, wherever applicable an d having facilities for carrying out treatment procedures and medical or surgical/para -surgical interventions or both under the supervision of registered AYUSH Medical Practitioner (s) on day care basis without in -patient services and must comply with all t he following criterion: i. Having qualified registered AYUSH Medical Practitioner (s) in charge; ii. Having dedicated AYUSH therapy sections as required and/or has equipped operation theatre where surgical procedures are to be carried out; iii. Maintaining daily recor ds of the patients and making them accessible to the insurance company’s authorized representative. Def. 5. Cashless facility means a facility extended by the insurer to the insured where the payments, of the costs of treatment undergone by the insured in accordan ce with the policy terms and HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IR DAI Reg. No.146. CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: 1st Floor, HDFC House, 165 -166 Backbay Reclamation, H. T. Parekh Marg, Churchgate, Mumbai – 400 020. Trade Logo displayed above belongs to HDFC Ltd and