expenses traceable to childbirth (including complicated deliveries and caesarean sections incurred during hospitalization) except ectopic pregnancy; ii. Expenses towards miscarriage (unless due to an accide nt) and lawful medical termination of pregnancy during the policy period. 14) Sterility and Infertility: Code – Excl17 Expenses related to sterility and infertility. This includes: i. Any type of contraception, sterilization ii. Assisted Reproduction services includ ing artificial insemination and advanced reproductive technologies such as IVF, ZIFT, GIFT, ICSI iii. Gestational Surrogacy iv. Reversal of sterilization 15) Excluded Providers: Code – Excl11 Expenses incurred towards treatment in any hospital or by any Medical Practit ioner or any other provider specifically excluded by the Insurer and disclosed in its website / notified to the policyholders are not admissible. However, in case of life threatening situations or following an accident, expenses up to the stage of stabili zation are payable but not the complete claim. 3. Specific Exclusions Non Medical Exclusions 1) Treatment arising from or consequent upon w ar or any act of war, invasion, act of foreign enemy, (whether war be declared or not or caused during service in the a rmed forces of any country ), civil war, public defence, rebellion, revolution, insurrection, military or usurped acts, nuclear weapons/materials, chemical and biological weapons, radiation of any kind. 2) Intentional self injury or attempted suicide while san e or insane. 3) Any Insured Person’s participation or involvement in naval, military or air force operation. Medical Exclusions 4) Prosthetic and other devices which are self -detachable/removable without surgery involving anaesthesia 5) Treatment availed outside India. 6) Treatment at a healthcare facility that is not a Hospital 7) Circumcisions (unless necessitated by Illness or injury and forming part of treatment) 8) Non allopathic treatment except to the extent provided for under Section B. 1.1.h). 9) Conditions