5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com ; website: www. cholainsurance.com IRDA Regn. No. 123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE CHOTGDP23004V012223 Policy Wordings Page 8 of 101 Terrorism/Terrorist Incident means any actual or threatened use of force or violence directed at or causing damage, injury, harm or disruption, or the commission of an act dangerous to human life or property, against any individual, property or government, with the stated or unstated objective of pursuing economic, ethnic, nationalistic, political, racial or religious interests, whether such interests are declared or not. Robberies or other criminal acts, primarily committed for personal gain and acts arising primarily from prior personal relationships between perpetrator(s) and victim(s) shall not be considered terrorist activity. Terror ism shall also include any act, which is veriﬁed or recognized by the relevant Government as an act of terrorism. Travel Agent means the Travel Agent, tour operator or other entity from which the Insured purchases his/her insurance Policy or travel arrangements, and includes all oﬃcers, employees and aﬃliates of the Travel Agent, tour operator or other entity. Travelling Companion means an individual or individuals travelling with the Insured/Insured Person, provided that, the Insured and such individual(s) are travelling to the same destination and on the same date and such individual(s) is/are also insured under this Policy. For t he purpose of this deﬁnition, any individual(s) forming part of a group travelling on a tour arranged by a Travel Agent or a tour operator shall not be considered as Travelling Companion, unless the individual(s) is/are part of the family of the Insured/Insured Person. Territory: This Policy applies to incidents anywhere in India while travelling. “Trip” means a journey out of usual place of residence in India and back, the details of which are speciﬁed in the Policy