0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (T oll Free No.) Issuing Office: GLOBAL HEALTH CARE 2. Pre-Hospitalization The Medical Expenses incurred during the 45 days immediately before You were Hospitalized, provided that: Such Medical Expenses were incurred for t he same Illness/Injury for which subsequent Hospitalization was required, and We have accepted an Inpatient Hospitalization claim under Inpatient Hospitalization Treatment.). This cover is subject to the Sum Insured, sub -limits, terms, conditions and defi nitions, exclusions contained or otherwise expressed in this Policy. 3. Post -Hospitalization The Medical Expenses incurred during the 90 days immediately after You were discharged post Hospitalization provided that: Such costs are incurred in respect of the same Illness/Injury for which the earlier Hospitalization was required, and We have accepted an Inpatient Hospitalization claim under Inpatient Hospitalization Treatment. . This cover is subject to the Sum Insured, sub -limits, terms, conditions and defini tions, exclusions contained or otherwise expressed in this Policy. 4. Local (Road) Ambulance We will pay the reasonable cost, specified in the Policy Schedule, incurred on an ambulance offered by a healthcare or ambulance service provider for transferring You to the nearest Hospital with adequate Emergency facilities for the provision of health services following an Emergency or out of medical necessity. We will also reimburse the expenses incurred on an ambulance offered by a healthcare or ambulance service provider for transferring You from the Hospital where You were admitted initially to another Hospital with higher medical facilities. Claim under this section shall be payable by Us only when: i. Such life threatening Emergency condition is certified by the Medical Practitioner, and ii. We have accepted Your Claim under "In -patient Hospitalization Treatment" or "Day Care Procedures" section of the Policy. This cover is subject to the Sum Insured, sub -limits, terms, conditions